README.md, before:

# Quick EKS Cluster

This is a full setup for quickly spinning up a EKS cluster. I needed a quick way to spin up and down an EKS
cluster in order to test out ideas without paying for a long running EKS cluster.


## spin-up

There is a `./spin-up` script in the root of this repo for conviently spinning
up an EKS cluster. It expects that you've ran `terraform plan -out eks.plan` first.


## Terraform variables

Terraform variables are used to provide a quick way to personalize your eks cluster.  See the variables.tf
file to see what configuration options exist. Read [terraform's variable
primer](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/variables.html#assigning-variables) to learn
how to set variables.


## asdf

[asfd](https://asdf-vm.com/#/) is a runtime version manager that can be used to make sure you're using a
compatible version of terraform. The terraform version is managed in the .tool-versions file in the root of
this repo.


## direnv

[direnv] is an environment switcher for the shell. This project uses it to tell `k8s`
which config to use as well as optionally select the AWS profile you'd like to use.

### Setup

- Install/setup according to [direnv]
- `cp .envrc.example .envrc`
- Edit `.envrc` to your hearts content.
- `direnv allow .`


## Credit

This started from
https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/tree/master/examples/eks-getting-started and has
morphed over time to be more configurable and quick to use.

[direnv]: https://direnv.net/

Commit message:

Add ability to configure auth.
Why:

* It needs to be easy to give others access to my EKS cluster.
* This repo should not understand helm.

This change addresses the need by:

* Add config_map_aws_auth.yml workflow.
* Remove helm-init.sh.

README.md, after:

# Quick EKS Cluster

This is a full setup for quickly spinning up a EKS cluster. I needed a quick way to spin up and down an EKS
cluster in order to test out ideas without paying for a long running EKS cluster.


## spin-up

There is a `./spin-up` script in the root of this repo for conviently spinning
up an EKS cluster. It expects that you've ran `terraform plan -out eks.plan` first.

### config_auth_users.yml

You can create an optional config_auth_users.yml file before running `./spin-up` if you would like to allow other IAM users to have access to your EKS cluster. This file needs to be indented so that it can be appended to the config_map_aws_auth.yml file that will be used to setup kubectl access.

Example config_auth_users.yml:

```
  mapUsers: |
    - userarn: arn:aws:iam::123456:user/some_user
      username: some_user
      groups:
        - system:masters
    - userarn: arn:aws:iam::123456:user/another_user
      username: some_user
      groups:
        - system:masters
```

## Terraform variables

Terraform variables are used to provide a quick way to personalize your eks cluster.  See the variables.tf
file to see what configuration options exist. Read [terraform's variable
primer](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/variables.html#assigning-variables) to learn
how to set variables.


## asdf

[asfd](https://asdf-vm.com/#/) is a runtime version manager that can be used to make sure you're using a
compatible version of terraform. The terraform version is managed in the .tool-versions file in the root of
this repo.


## direnv

[direnv] is an environment switcher for the shell. This project uses it to tell `k8s`
which config to use as well as optionally select the AWS profile you'd like to use.

### Setup

- Install/setup according to [direnv]
- `cp .envrc.example .envrc`
- Edit `.envrc` to your hearts content.
- `direnv allow .`


## Credit

This started from
https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/tree/master/examples/eks-getting-started and has
morphed over time to be more configurable and quick to use.

[direnv]: https://direnv.net/
